WHY LINKED LIST?
	Array has 2 limitations
	- its size has to be known at compilation time
	- the data in the array are seperated in computer memory by the same distance, which means that inserting an intem inside the array requires shifting other data in the array

	We solve this by using LINKED STRUCTURE
	A linked structure is a collection of nodes storing data and links to other nodes

I. SINGLY LINKED LISTS
	- If a node contains a data member that is a pointer to another node, then many ndoes can strung together using only one variable to acces the entire sequence of nodes.
	- This implement by using linked list, which is a data structure composed of ndoes, each node holding some information and a pointer to anotehr node in the list
	*NOTE: The last node on the list can be recognized by the null pointer.
	- A node includes two data members: info and next
	 + The info member is used to store information, important to user
	 + The next member is used to link together ndoes to form a linked list

	- A singli linked list implementaion uses two classes: 
	 + IntNode: for Nodes of the list and anotehr
	 + IntSLList: for acces to the list. This delfines two data members, head and tail which are pointer to the first and the last nodes of the list. This explains why all memerbs of IntNode are declared public

	1. INSERTION
	 - Adding a node at the beginnig of a linkled list is performed in four steps
	  i/ An empty node is created. It is empty in the senset that program performing insertion does not assign any values to the data membsers of the node. 
	  ii/ The node's info member ins initialized to a particular integer.
	  iii/ Because the node is being included at the front of the list, the next member becomes a pointer to the first node on the list, that is, the current value of head.
	  iv/ The enw precedes all the nodes onthe list, but this fact has to be reflected in the value of head; otherwise, the new ndoe is not accessible. Therefore, head is updated to become the pointer to the new node.

	 - The process of adding a new ndoe to the end of the list has five steps
	  i/ An empty node is created
	  ii/ The node's infopr member is initialize to an integer el
	  iii/ Because the ndoe is being included at the end of the list, the next member is set to null
	  iv/ The node is now included in the list by making the nexst member of the last node of the list a pointer to the newly created node
	  v/ The new node follows all the nodes of the list, but this fact has to be reflected in the value of tail, which now becomse the pointer to the new node

	2. DELETION
	 - When attempting to remove a node from an empty linked list. the caller expect a number to be returned fromthe call to deleteFromHead() and no number reuturn, can not be avle to accomplish other operations.
	 - One ways to solve this problem is using an ASSERT statement:
	 int IntSLList::deleteFromHead() {
	 	assert(!isEmpty()); 
	 	int el = head->info
	 	......................
	 	return el;
	 }
	 The assert statement checks the condition !isEmpty(), and if the condition is false, the program is aborted
	 - Another solotion is throw an exception and catch it by user as in

	 int IntSLList::deleteFromHead(){
	 	if(isEmpty())
	 		throw("Empty");
	 	int el = head->info;
	 	..........
	 	return el;
	 }

	 The throow clause with the string argument is expected to have a matching try-catch clause in the caller
	 
	 void f() {
	  ....................
	  try {
	  n = list.deleteFromHead();
	  //do sth with n;
	  } catch(char *s){
	   cerr << "Error: " << s << endl;
	  }
	  .................
	 }

	 - The second special case is whent the list has only one node to be removed. In this case, the list becomes empty, which requires setting tail and head to null

	 The second deletion operation is deleting a node from the end of the list
	  - After removing a node, tail should refer to the new tail of the list, that is tail has to be move backward(impossible because no direct link to the PREDECESSOR)
	  - This predecessor has to be found by searching from the beginning of the list and stopping right before
	  - This accomplish with a tmp variable used to scan the list within a for loop. Start at head and move one step each iteration
	  - When delete,tai pointing to non-existing node, it immediate set to point to the next to last node currently pointed to by tmp

	 The third, delete node inside
	  - The func has 2 pt vars, pred and tmp
	  - one point to the first, one to the 2nd
	  - Basically the tmp and pred travel together, when tmp found the node, the pred jump over the tmp point to tmp->next

	 Some remaining cases
	  i/ An attemp to remove a node from an empty list, in which case the function is immediately exited
	  ii/ Deleting the only node from a one-node linked list: Both head and tail are set to null
	  iii/ Removing the first node of the list with at least two nodes which requires updating head
	  iv/ Remong the last of the list wth at least two nodes, elading to the update of tail
	  v/ An attemp to delete a node with a number that is not in the list: Do nothing

	3. SEARCH
		.... jump to each node only linear



II/ DOUBLY LINKED LIST
	In deleteFromTail(), we have to scann the entire list to stop right in front of tail to delele it. For long lists and for frequent executions of deleteFromTail(), this may be an impediment to swift list processing. To avoid this problem, the linked list is redefined so that each node in the list has two pointers, one to the successor, and one to the perdecessor

	Member functions for processing dll are more complicated than sll because there is more pointer memer to be maintained. Only 2 function are discussed:
	 - Insert node at the end
	 - Delete node at the end

	To add a node to alist, the node has to be created, its data members properly initialized, and then the noe needs to be incorporated into the list. Inserting a node at the end of a dll list 
		1. A new node is created and then its 3 data members are intialized
		2. the info mmeber to the number el being inserted
		3. the next member to null
		4. and the prev member to the value of tail so that this member points to the last node in the list. But now the new node should become the last node;
		5. tail is set to point to the new node. But the new node is not yet accessible from its predecessor
		6. The next member of the predecessor is set to point to the new node

	Deleting the last node to its predecessor and not loop is need to remove is direct acces from the last node from the list, temp variable el is set to the value in the node, then tail is set to its predecessir, and the last and now reduncdant node is deleted

	An attem to delete a node from an empty list may result in a program crash. Therefore, the use has to check whether the list in not empty before makeing an atemp of deleting the last node from it to extract information from the node


III/ Circular List
	A circular list is needed in which nodes form a ring: The list is finite and each node has a successor
	In an implementaion of a circular singly linked list, we can use only one permanent pointer, tail, to the list even throug operations ont he list requiere access to the tail and its predecessor, the head. To that end, a linear singly linked list discussed iuses two permanent pointer head and tail

IV/ SKIP LISTS
	Linkedlist require sequential scanning O(n). A skip list is an interesting variant of the ordered linked list which akes such a nonsequential search possible
	- In a skip list of n nodes, for each k and i such that i <= k <= [ln n] and 1<= i <= [n/2^k-1] - 1, the node in the postion (2^k-1) x i points to the node in the posion (2^k-1) x (i+1).

		find (element el)
			p = the nonnull list on the highest level i;
				while el not found and i >= 0
					if p->key < el
					p = a subslist that begins in the predecessor of p on level --i;
				else if p->key > el
					if p is the last node on level i
						p = a nonnull sublist that begins in p on the highest level <i;
						i = the number of the new level;
					else p = p->next;

V/ Self-Organizing Lists
	The introduction of skip list was motivated by the need to speed up the seching process. Although sll and dll requires sequestial search to locate an element or to see that it is not in the list, we can improve the efficiececyy of the search by dynamically organizing the list in a certain manner

	1. Move-to-front method: After the desired element is located, put it at the beginneing of the list
	2. Transpose method: After the desired element is located, swap it with its predecessor unless it is at the head of the list
	3. Count method. Order the list by the number of times elements are being accessed
	4. Ordering method. Order the list using certain criteria natural for information under scrutiny

	- Analyses of the effciency of these methods customarily compare their efficiency to that of optimal static ordering. With this ordering, all the data are already ordered by the frequency of their occurrence in the body of data so that the list is used only for searching, not for inserting new items
	---> This approach requires two passes through the body of data, one to build the list and nother to the list for search alone. 
		
